8 run all sync (#9)
commercetools/commercetools-project-sync: README.md

   ```bash
   usage: commercetools-project-sync
    -h,--help         Print help information.

>     -s,--sync <arg>   Choose which sync module to run: "types", "productTypes", "categories", "products", "inventoryEntries" or "all".

Reviewer: As I understand currently there is no support to run for instance `types` and `productTypes` only. So maybe it makes sense to rephrase the sentence?

```suggestion
    -s,--sync <arg>   Choose one of the following modules to run: "types", "productTypes", "categories", "products", "inventoryEntries" or "all" (will run all the above).
```

wdyt?

Author: I like the suggestion! thanks!

Author: c75a859

    -v,--version      Print the version of the application.
   ```

### Examples   
 - To run the all sync modules from a source project to a target project
   ```bash
   java -jar build/libs/commercetools-project-sync.jar -s all
   ```
   This will run the following sync modules in the given order:
 1. `Type` Sync and `ProductType` Sync in parallel.
 2. `Category` Sync.
 3. `Product` Sync.
 4. `InventoryEntry` Sync.

 - To run the productType sync

>    ```bash

Author: IT is there in line `56` :D
https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/pull/9/files/06482850bac86d94f56c88ab7bd0cfd7ef212053#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R56

>    ```bash

Reviewer 2: I mean the examples like this: 
```
java -jar build/libs/commercetools-project-sync.jar -s types
```

>    ```bash

Author: aa38046 ah true I missed that. Thanks!!
